1.Write a java program to reverse an array.
2. Write a program in Java to sort numbers in ascending or descending order given by user.
3. Design a class Named Circle. Construct three circle objects with radius 2.0,12,24 and
displays the radius and area of each. A no-arg constructor set the default value of radius
to 1.AgetArea() method is used to return the area of the circle. Now implement the class
4.Write a program in Java to implement throws and throws exception.
5. Write a Java program to implement the concept of importing classes from user defined
package and creating packages.
6. Write a program to demonstrate the chained exception in Java.
7. Write a program in Java to show the examples of i)call by value and ii) call by reference.
8. Write a Java program to implement hierarchical inheritance.
9. Write a program in Java to show the application of multiple inheritance.
10. Write a program in Java to show the application of the ‘static’ keyword in Java.
11. Write a program in Java to override a base class method into a derived class.
12. Write a Program in Java to call a super class constructor from sub/child class.
13. Create a class Student with attributes roll no, name, age and course. Initialize values
through parameterized constructor. If age of student is not in between 15 and 21 then
generate user-defined exception "AgeNotWithinRangeException". If name contains
numbers or special symbols raise exception "NameNotValidException". Define the two
exception classes.
14. Write a Java program using Applet to display a message in the Applet.
15. Write a program in java to create a nested try-catch block, where you have to display two
different types of exception.
16. Write a program in Java to create a new thread and start it running.
17. Write a Java program to implement a copy constructor to create a new object by copying
another object's state.
18. Create a class Rectangle with data members length, breadth and height. Use a
parameterised constructor to initialize the object. With the help of function surface
area() and volume(), calculate and display the surface area and volume of the
rectangle.
19. Write a Java Program to Compute the Sum of Diagonals of a Matrix
20. Write a program in java to find transpose of a matix.